README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/linkedin_wallpaper.jfif" height="200"/>
</p>
<br>

<p align="left"> 
<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=khaledadrani&color=brightgreen" alt="watching_count" />
 </p>
 <p align="left">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Age-24-blue" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Focus-Data%20Science-brightgreen" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Lives-Tunisia-success" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Languages-English%20%26%20French%20%26%20Arabic-brightgreen" />
</p>

<hr>
<h1 align="left">Hi, I am Khaled Adrani </h1>
<h3 align="left">Computer Science Enthusiast | Data Scientist | Software Engineer </h3>

<p align="left">
  <em>
    Hello, I am Khaled Adrani, a <b>junior</b> Computer Science Engineer from <a href="http://www.enicarthage.rnu.tn/"> <b>the National Engineering School of Carthage</b>, Tunisia</a>. <br>
    I would define myself as Problem-Oriented Engineer. I genuinely care about solving problems. <br>
    My skill set is focued around Data Science, however, I do not hesitate to expand it in other fields like web development.<br>
    Want to discuss innovative ideas? Or having a request? Contact me!
    
  </em> 
<br>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://medium.com/@khaledadrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Medium-000000?style=flat&logo=medium&logoColor=Black"/></a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/khaled-adrani/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-0077B5?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.kaggle.com/khaledadrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kaggle-26c0ff?style=flat&logo=Kaggle&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/khaledadrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-18C6EB?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/10761765/khaled-adrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-StackOverflow-f18c03?style=flat&logo=stackoverflow&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="mailto:khaledadrani@mail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-D14836?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/khaledadrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Codewars-BD081C?style=flat&logo=Codewars&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

## Languages

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=python)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=c&color=%232e2e2e)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=c++&color=%232e2e2e)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=java&color=%232e2e2e)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=html5&color=%232e2e2e)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=css3&color=%232e2e2e)

## Web Development

![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fastapi-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=fastapi&color=%232e2e2e)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=django&color=%232e2e2e)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=flask&color=%232e2e2e)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/streamlit-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=streamlit&color=%232e2e2e)
![Celery](https://img.shields.io/badge/celery-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=celery&logoColor=celery&color=%232e2e2e)
![Huey](https://img.shields.io/badge/huey-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=huey&logoColor=huey&color=%232e2e2e)
![Uvicorn](https://img.shields.io/badge/uvicorn-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=uvicorn&logoColor=uvicorn&color=%232e2e2e)
![Gunicorn](https://img.shields.io/badge/gunicorn-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=gunicorn&logoColor=gunicorn&color=%232e2e2e)
![Waitress](https://img.shields.io/badge/waitress-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=waitress&logoColor=waitress&color=%232e2e2e)

![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=red&color=%232e2e2e)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=react&color=%232e2e2e)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=bootstrap&color=%232e2e2e)

![ExpressJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/express-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=express&color=%232e2e2e)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=node&logoColor=node&color=%232e2e2e)

## Data Science, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing

![Numpy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-numpy-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=numpy&color=%232e2e2e)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/-pandas-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=sklearn&color=%232e2e2e)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/-matplotlib-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=matplotlib&color=%232e2e2e)

![Scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sklearn-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=sklearn&color=%232e2e2e)
![Pytorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pytorch-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=pytorch&color=%232e2e2e)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=keras&logoColor=keras&color=%232e2e2e)
![Tensorflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tensorflow-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=tensorflow&color=%232e2e2e)

![Spacy](https://img.shields.io/badge/spacy-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=spacy&logoColor=spacy&color=%232e2e2e)
![NLTK](https://img.shields.io/badge/-nltk-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=nltk&logoColor=ntlk&color=%232e2e2e)
![Gensim](https://img.shields.io/badge/gensim-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=gensim&logoColor=gensim&color=%232e2e2e)

![BeautifulSoup](https://img.shields.io/badge/BeautifulSoup-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=bs4&logoColor=bs4&color=%232e2e2e)
![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/selenium-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=selenium&color=%232e2e2e)
![Scrapy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scrapy-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=scrapy&logoColor=scrapy&color=%232e2e2e)

## Databases

![Postgresql](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Postgresql&logoColor=postgres&color=%232e2e2e)
![Neo4j](https://img.shields.io/badge/Neo4j-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=neo4j&logoColor=neo4j&color=%232e2e2e)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=mongodb&color=%232e2e2e)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=redis&color=%232e2e2e)

## IDEs & Editors

![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=visual-studio-code&color=%232e2e2e)
![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=anaconda&color=%232e2e2e)
![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter%20Notebook-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=jupyter&color=%232e2e2e)
![Eclipse](https://img.shields.io/badge/Eclipse-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse&logoColor=blue&color=%232e2e2e)

## Version control

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=git&color=%232e2e2e)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&color=%232e2e2e)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=orange&color=%232e2e2e)

## Digital Media

![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobephotoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobephotoshop&logoColor=cyan&color=%232e2e2e)
![Wondershare Filmora](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wondershare%20Filmora%20-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Filmora&logoColor=purple&color=%232e2e2e)

---

[Khaled Adrani](https://github.com/khaledadrani)

Last Edited on: 07/17/2022

Commit message:

added Devops in skills + update main description

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/linkedin_wallpaper.jfif" height="200"/>
</p>
<br>

<p align="left"> 
<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=khaledadrani&color=brightgreen" alt="watching_count" />
 </p>
 <p align="left">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Age-24-blue" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Focus-Data%20Science-brightgreen" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Lives-Tunisia-success" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Languages-English%20%26%20French%20%26%20Arabic-brightgreen" />
</p>

<hr>
<h1 align="left">Hi, I am Khaled Adrani </h1>
<h3 align="left">Computer Science Enthusiast | Data Scientist | Software Engineer </h3>

<p align="left">
  <em>
    Hello, I am Khaled Adrani, a Computer Science Engineer from <a href="http://www.enicarthage.rnu.tn/"> <b>the National Engineering School of Carthage</b>, Tunisia</a>. <br>
    I would define myself as a Problem-Oriented Engineer. I genuinely care about solving problems. <br>
    I have expanded my skill set to include Data Science, Software Development and Devops.
    Want to discuss creative ideas? Or having a request? Contact me!
    
  </em> 
<br>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://medium.com/@khaledadrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Medium-000000?style=flat&logo=medium&logoColor=Black"/></a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/khaled-adrani/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-0077B5?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.kaggle.com/khaledadrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kaggle-26c0ff?style=flat&logo=Kaggle&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/khaledadrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-18C6EB?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/10761765/khaled-adrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-StackOverflow-f18c03?style=flat&logo=stackoverflow&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="mailto:khaledadrani@mail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-D14836?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.codewars.com/users/khaledadrani"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Codewars-BD081C?style=flat&logo=Codewars&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

## Languages

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=python)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=c&color=%232e2e2e)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=c++&color=%232e2e2e)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=java&color=%232e2e2e)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=html5&color=%232e2e2e)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=css3&color=%232e2e2e)

## Web Development

![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fastapi-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=fastapi&color=%232e2e2e)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=django&color=%232e2e2e)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=flask&color=%232e2e2e)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/streamlit-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=streamlit&color=%232e2e2e)
![Celery](https://img.shields.io/badge/celery-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=celery&logoColor=celery&color=%232e2e2e)
![Huey](https://img.shields.io/badge/huey-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=huey&logoColor=huey&color=%232e2e2e)
![Uvicorn](https://img.shields.io/badge/uvicorn-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=uvicorn&logoColor=uvicorn&color=%232e2e2e)
![Gunicorn](https://img.shields.io/badge/gunicorn-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=gunicorn&logoColor=gunicorn&color=%232e2e2e)
![Waitress](https://img.shields.io/badge/waitress-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=waitress&logoColor=waitress&color=%232e2e2e)

![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=red&color=%232e2e2e)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=react&color=%232e2e2e)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=bootstrap&color=%232e2e2e)

![ExpressJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/express-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=express&color=%232e2e2e)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=node&logoColor=node&color=%232e2e2e)

## Data Science, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing

![Numpy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-numpy-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=numpy&color=%232e2e2e)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/-pandas-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=sklearn&color=%232e2e2e)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/-matplotlib-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=matplotlib&color=%232e2e2e)

![Scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sklearn-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=sklearn&color=%232e2e2e)
![Pytorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pytorch-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=pytorch&color=%232e2e2e)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=keras&logoColor=keras&color=%232e2e2e)
![Tensorflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tensorflow-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=tensorflow&color=%232e2e2e)

![Spacy](https://img.shields.io/badge/spacy-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=spacy&logoColor=spacy&color=%232e2e2e)
![NLTK](https://img.shields.io/badge/-nltk-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=nltk&logoColor=ntlk&color=%232e2e2e)
![Gensim](https://img.shields.io/badge/gensim-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=gensim&logoColor=gensim&color=%232e2e2e)

![BeautifulSoup](https://img.shields.io/badge/BeautifulSoup-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=bs4&logoColor=bs4&color=%232e2e2e)
![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/selenium-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=selenium&color=%232e2e2e)
![Scrapy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scrapy-3199DC?style=for-the-badge&logo=scrapy&logoColor=scrapy&color=%232e2e2e)

## Databases

![Postgresql](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Postgresql&logoColor=postgres&color=%232e2e2e)
![Neo4j](https://img.shields.io/badge/Neo4j-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=neo4j&logoColor=neo4j&color=%232e2e2e)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=mongodb&color=%232e2e2e)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=redis&color=%232e2e2e)

## DevOps and Cloud

![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/aws-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=aws&logoColor=aws&color=%232e2e2e)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Docker&logoColor=docker&color=%232e2e2e)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-05122A?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=heroku&color=%232e2e2e)

## IDEs & Editors

![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=visual-studio-code&color=%232e2e2e)
![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=anaconda&color=%232e2e2e)
![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter%20Notebook-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=jupyter&color=%232e2e2e)
![Eclipse](https://img.shields.io/badge/Eclipse-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse&logoColor=blue&color=%232e2e2e)

## Version control

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=git&color=%232e2e2e)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&color=%232e2e2e)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=orange&color=%232e2e2e)

## Digital Media

![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobephotoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobephotoshop&logoColor=cyan&color=%232e2e2e)
![Wondershare Filmora](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wondershare%20Filmora%20-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Filmora&logoColor=purple&color=%232e2e2e)

---

[Khaled Adrani](https://github.com/khaledadrani)

Last Edited on: 07/17/2022
